W/o URI encoded some API tokens will fail (#45)
hoprnet/myne-chat: README.md

   - WS Endpoint: ws://localhost:3000
   - Security Token: ^MYtoken4testing^

> _Important: Your API token might vary, which means it might have unsupported parameters as query parameters (e.g, `%`, `+`). Because we are passing the API token as query string, your token might need to be `URIEncoded` for it to work. To make sure, please make sure it's properly [encoded](https://www.onlinewebtoolkit.com/url-encode-decode) before pasting the API token into the UI. This will be improved in future versions of Mynechat._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Important: Your API token might vary, which means it might have unsupported parameters as query parameters (e.g, `%`, `+`). Because we are passing the API token as query string, your token might need to be `URIEncoded` for it to work. To be safe, please make sure it's properly [encoded](https://www.onlinewebtoolkit.com/url-encode-decode) before pasting the API token into the UI. This will be improved in future versions of Myne Chat._
```
